Hello everyone,  In this document we will discuss how to abuse the security vulnerabilities. 

that our beloved Damian didn't patch.

Note: If Damian tries to patch something, check back on the document in 2-5 business days for a fix.

for the problem will be found by me.

First, Damian doesn't block websites, which means we can download games from Steamunlocked.org.

Or for anime fans, hianime.to is not blocked either. 

Now let's discuss said bypassing methods:

1. Probably the best one is Scoop (Scoop); it allows you to install Steam with the anti-cheat. 

So playing games like CS in non-bot lobbies is possible. 

Guide for scoop: go to the website that is linked up there, then open PowerShell and input the

command on the website into PowerShell. (If you don't know what any of that is, this guide is not meant for you.)

After installing Scoop, you can search on the Scoop website for things like Steam or other tools. 

Some will still require administrative rights, but Steam and Heroic (an open-source launcher for Epic, Blizzard, and Ubisoft)

2. In the repo, you will have found a batch file. When opening the batch, you will see this command:

cmd /min /C "set __COMPAT_LAYER=RUNASINVOKER && start "" "Your path"

Where it says "Your path," delete only "Your path"; the colons have to stay for it to work.

This can be used to semi-bypass admin rights restrictions for apps not able to be installed via Scoop.

Limitations: It does not work with wizard installers, so no Epic Games or any other program that uses a wizard installer.

Scoop is more powerful. because it downloads a type of portable version of the program, so no edits in the registry editor have to

be made.

3. Microsoft Store, probably one of the less useful ones

but the Microsoft Store has rights and installs a different version for most programs than the official 

installer of them (don't use MS Store Python unless absolutely necessary) 

Known issues: (If you find any I am unaware of, please contact me via Laurin.Asmin@gmail.com.) DO NOT use your school email; use a personal one.

1. Official Roblox is not working. It's being flagged by Cortex XDR.

2. Minecraft launcher requiring admin rights. if it has not been installed before that fix.

Fixes:

1. The official Roblox installer works, but after it's installed, it will get flagged at launch and prevented.

by Cortex. To fix this issue, download Roblox from the MS store. Due to. Due to it downloading a different version, it works.

3. All 3rd party launchers are banned by Cortex.

 
